= Freifunk KBU Info Page [Deprecated]

This is the source code for the {Freifunk Köln, Bonn und Umgebung}[http://kbu.freifunk.net] information {page}[http://info.kbu.freifunk.net]. The page contains basic information to our Freifunk project and is stored on access points. It based on the static web site generator {nanoc}[http://nanoc.stoneship.org/].


== Build website

0. You need to have Ruby and the Bundler gem installed.

1. Clone repository

     clone git@github.com:meise/freifunk-kbu-info-page.git

2. Bundle inside directory to install all necessary gems.

     cd freifunk-kbu-info-page
     bundle

3. Build static page. Static files are located in output directory after compilation.

     nanoc compile


== Environment

Tested and working on:
* Debian GNU/Linux 6.0 amd64
  * Ruby 1.9.2
  * Ruby 1.9.3
  

== ToDo

* Node page
  OSM map works, but there are currently no nodes visable


== License

Copyright Daniel Meißner <dm@3st.be>, 2012

This file is part of FreifunkKBUInfoPage.

FreifunkKBUInfoPage is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

FreifunkKBUInfoPage is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with FreifunkKBUInfoPage. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
